README.md, before:

___Blog Project___

the goal of this project is to create a basic blogging website.

- CRUD: implementing modifiable entries for the blog

- Multiple pages: About me, Home, Blog, View One Blog, Create new entry for Blog

- index.js is what our html page renders

- using gomockingbird, we created a rough wireframe for what we want the site to look like.

- our blog page should have submit functionality, as well as as a comments section

___

We'll Be following an IRL path of sticky notes for our worklog. We will be attempting to avoid:

- Feature Creep

- Adding tasks that our too large to do within a few hours at a time

- "Going down the rabbit hole": jumping from one problem to the next, to the next, to the next, without ever really solving anything

---

After some construction, we refactored: files of similar function went into folders. This makes things much cleaner.

---

Some file paths of note:

- PostCard is exported to PostList

- PostList is exported to AllPostsContainer

-AllPostsContainer is exported to index.js, along with just about everything else. index.js shows our routes.

---

Commit message:

added notes to basically everything, began README reconstruction

README.md, after:

# Blog Project

the goal of this project is to create a basic blogging website.

__step one: building the basic skeleton (or wireframe) of our site__

for this step, we used a website called "gomockingbird" to throw together a mockup of what we wanted our site to look like. This isn't a functional version of our site, but it's very important to plan out a design before we start coding. Feature Creep is a scary thing.

our website will have:

- a home page
- an "about me" page
- a blog main view page (listing all the blog posts, each with an edit and a delete button. there will also be a "submit new post" button that leads to a submit page)
- a blog post single view page (showing just one post and its contents)
- a new post page (to submit a new entry)
- a blog post edit page (a new post form, but with the post's contents in the parameters for us to edit)

__step two: creating a react app__

if you haven't yet, install react through npm (Node Project Manager.

`npm install -g create-react-app`

the `-g` means global. if the above command doesn't work, you probably need to put `sudo` in front of your line and then enter your computer's password.

now, go to your desired directory and make a new react app.

`create-react-app my-app`

after that's done (it'll take a bit), go into the new folder it's made and `npm start`. This will launch a server that you can visit at http://localhost:3000

__step three: installing node packages__

`npm install --save "whatever the name of the package is"`

after you install each one, check your root folder's package.json to make sure it's there.

these are node modules that add certain functionalities to our project. We could make them ourselves, but others have already done the work for us. Countless hours of work avoided.



__step four: creating components__



Some file paths of note:

- PostCard is exported to PostList

- PostList is exported to AllPostsContainer

-AllPostsContainer is exported to index.js, along with just about everything else. index.js shows our routes.

---
